TIFFImageIFile Functions Tested:
TIFFImageIFile                                 - correct
~TIFFImageIFile                                - correct
getCompression                                 - correct
getXResolution                                 - correct
getYResolution                                 - correct
getResUnits                                    - correct
getSubfileType                                 - correct
getPlanarConfig                                - correct
getRowsPerStrip                                - correct
getImageDescription                            - correct
getDateTime                                    - correct
getPallette                                    - correct
getRawPixel                                    - correct
getRawScanline                                 - correct
getRawRectangle                                - not tested
getPixel
   - Photometric == PHOTO_PALETTE              - not tested
   - Photometric == PHOTO_GREY                 - not tested
   - Photometric == PHOTO_RGB                  - not tested
getScanline(GreyPixel)                         - correct
getScanline(HSVPixel)                          - not tested
getScanline(RGBPixel)
   - Photometric == PHOTO_PALETTE              - correct
   - Photometric == PHOTO_RGB                  - correct
   - Photometric == PHOTO_GREY                 - correct
getRectangle(GreyPixel)                        - not tested
getRectangle(HSVPixel)                         - not tested
getRectangle(RGBPixel)
   - Photometric == PHOTO_PALETTE              - not tested
   - Photometric == PHOTO_GREY                 - not tested
   - Photometric == PHOTO_RGB                  - not tested
getRawRGBPixel                                 - not tested
getRawRGBScanline
   - Photometric == PHOTO_RGB                  - not tested
   - Photometric == PHOTO_GREY                 - not tested
   - Photometric == PHOTO_PALETTE              - not tested
getRawRGBRectangle                             - not tested
getOptimalRectangle                            - correct

